Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Chris Solomon educating new patient on Angela Sanchez.
Chris Alliman MD: Is February 25 845 ish PM.
Chris Alliman MD: Data birth is
Chris Alliman MD: Hello, how are you
Angelo Sanchez: Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: Angela. How are you today.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm doing good. Pretty good.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm Dr. Solomon. It's good to see you.
Angelo Sanchez: See the doctor.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. So we're going to talk some bout Suboxone today. Does that sound right to you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Excellent. So I don't know anything about you.
Chris Alliman MD: So kind of tell me your story why you want to get on Suboxone how you got started on stuff where where things are at
Angelo Sanchez: All right, well, um, I just
Been
Angelo Sanchez: I just quit like using the heroin drug recently.
Angelo Sanchez: Naturally, trying to quit because it's really messing up all my financial
Angelo Sanchez: Health and stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Angelo Sanchez: A got on.
Angelo Sanchez: Hold of the vaccines on street and
Angelo Sanchez: Because using those
Angelo Sanchez: But those, uh, well I mean yeah i mean
Angelo Sanchez: I guess I should be using those trade like quit and stuff, relaxing and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, and that's good. I would say, pretty much where I'm at about now. So, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So let me get into that a little bit. How long have you been using heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, I would say probably over a decade now.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how much do you typically use how how often and how much
Angelo Sanchez: I would probably end up using probably if I
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I'm like it half gram, probably a day. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe even more depending on how I'm doing it, you know.
Chris Alliman MD: Sure, sure. And are you are you using it typically by injection use
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I've moved on to using
Angelo Sanchez: The needle syringe and stuff me needle or they're called
Chris Alliman MD: Sure. How did you get started using heroin initially
Angelo Sanchez: smarts smoking it
Angelo Sanchez: Yes, for a really long time and
Chris Alliman MD: And why did you start smoking it. Well, why did you start using it at all.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, well, you know, I just got like a real you're really like under sad like rough upbringing like
Because
Angelo Sanchez: Like when I was still a minor and stuff by a father got diagnosed with the bacterial meningitis. Then after that, but now he knows to multiple myeloma. He always calls
Angelo Sanchez: Sleep bone cancer and and he is bedridden for five years and my long pretty much take care of him and then Buster house were staying at after he passed away and then
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty much been homeless pretty much since and I've also been through a like
Angelo Sanchez: Also as a minor I had
Angelo Sanchez: A call, I guess.
Angelo Sanchez: Net me or an acquaintance. Now, but that was, that was a friend, you know, and I guess that personal like years older than me and drug didn't less again. So I was like, just turned 16 so
Angelo Sanchez: Having some behavioral issues, after that, I started using a sorry to, I guess, smoking, the
Angelo Sanchez: Smoking Google form of cooking stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: does that a lot. And right after that happened and then having gave your issues and other ways to
Angelo Sanchez: Like, I think.
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty much. I have trust issues with like everyone now. And do you know so. Yeah, pretty much. Sorry for people to really gain my trust necessarily know so
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, so
Chris Alliman MD: So were you using the heroin to try and escape all the feelings that were going on or everything that was happening.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, pretty much just as needed to put it on the back burner and stuff some, uh,
Angelo Sanchez: Some a pretty let downing kind of stuff and suffer, you know, people
Angelo Sanchez: And manage people still do, to this day, I mean like know verbally graphs me salty or whatever. Um,
Angelo Sanchez: No, I just, you know, get man see you know
Angelo Sanchez: Screw all that, you know, and yeah, start relaxing and stuff, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: So,
Chris Alliman MD: With all these things go well. And have you been in counseling to try and help out with them.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I've been in and out of therapies and stuff. I haven't
Angelo Sanchez: Actually need to get into therapy because I actually reverted to that person and persons whose house long did
Angelo Sanchez: Or block that long to the person that whereas drugs investors or partners to people, please for the proper 30s for my jurisdiction zone. Guess there's you'd be the sheriff's
Chris Alliman MD: Got
Angelo Sanchez: Down here and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: There's even a new law passed, where
Angelo Sanchez: It happened when I my cases. So open still
Angelo Sanchez: passed the Senate bill 55 here in New Mexico or wherever laws effects all safe now like past it. And then when to affect the next day or whatever, like, Okay, what's your go heard ever
Chris Alliman MD: Try and bring it back here a little bit. Um, so you're not doing therapy. Currently, but it's something that you're interested in, potentially getting connected with
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I'm
Angelo Sanchez: I really actually just need to get into therapy like I should already be in therapy. You're really good. In my case, and stuff. It helps a lot.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so that's good part of our program here is that we require that you do therapist, the therapy and we have therapists to work with you so that'll work out nicely so I
Angelo Sanchez: Mean if the therapist that I work with might be able to testify in court with me and everything.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I don't know how that works out. I'm not sure about that part. You'd have to talk with them.
Angelo Sanchez: Specifically, well, if I as a Sunday therapy with you all. That's fine with me. I'll probably get into another therapy here locally and stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Let me check a couple other things out here with you. Do you have any allergies to medications.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm penicillin. And that's a most all anti-psychotics actually
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what happens with penicillin.
Angelo Sanchez: Break out in hives like my throat or swell up and Sir
Chris Alliman MD: Okay and anti-psychotics what happens with that.
Angelo Sanchez: Actually makes me
Angelo Sanchez: Like slow and not feel good and give me anxiety and
Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: What what anti Sikh ball. There's been different ones that I got sick from ways
Chris Alliman MD: So are you are you working with a psychiatrist currently
Angelo Sanchez: Currently I have worked with centers, long time. I've been doing a lot better probably been a maybe almost like you knows how many years you've been that, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Only been years since I've gotten to see if it's a high interest and get treated. But psychiatrist and some
Chris Alliman MD: And dc dc primary care doctor also
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, actually my primary doctor ended up like
Angelo Sanchez: Moving to another, another location or got like put a different position or something. And yeah, said, I have to get assigned to new on or something.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you're working on doing that.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, yeah, I actually yea, he does so get assigned to and stuff. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good just got to make sure because we are primary care that's not what we do, we
Angelo Sanchez: Do
Chris Alliman MD: Mainly with the Suboxone part of things.
Angelo Sanchez: So right on. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have any
Chris Alliman MD: Any medical diagnoses that you carry like diabetes or high blood pressure.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm nothing like that.
Angelo Sanchez: Like I am psychiatric diagnosis is
Chris Alliman MD: Like, which ones.
Angelo Sanchez: Diagnosed with
Angelo Sanchez: I think I got a some kind of schizophrenia. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: So they say I got. And then also, I've been officially diagnosed with PTSD. Okay, so those are the two. I know I most certainly know certainly should be diagnosed with officially
Angelo Sanchez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you take any medications currently
I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Not I'm not even taking any anti-psychotics or anything. They aren't really giving them the
Chris Alliman MD: Any other
Chris Alliman MD: Any other medications that you're taking in general.
Angelo Sanchez: No, I, I have a problem is asleep, though, so I take like Ambien that I'm taking jobs doing before.
Angelo Sanchez: That one. No, I don't think I'm really allergic to it or anything. It just makes me roll tired and stuff when it kicks in and do it like kicking in through me as I do.
Angelo Sanchez: Like my blood stream or something is weird on how to explain it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah. Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, when was so going back to the heroin use. When was the last time to use heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Probably a few days ago. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then you got on Suboxone
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah I trying to get ready, hoping you know I have hopes to repair my credit and stuff. I'm actually almost about to be out of debt entirely except for this up very, very low and I had to take out, I think, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you're working on getting out of that. Yeah. You had mentioned that kind of your motivation is this financial part of things.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah it uh the using
Angelo Sanchez: Legal like like heroin drug and the Ketamine drug
Angelo Sanchez: Problems actually trying to quit the methamphetamine drug any weeks, like how many teeth all to get like chips and stuff law raising kinda got messed up. And so
So hello
Chris Alliman MD: How are you using math.
Angelo Sanchez: Probably the same amount of time actually. Okay. I started
Angelo Sanchez: crystal methamphetamine Joe good seems
Angelo Sanchez: Time probably exactly when I started using heroin drug also
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And when was the last one was the last time to use the meth.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm probably a few days ago. Also, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you're working on trying to get away from that.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I definitely want to get away from that and there's a
Angelo Sanchez: Other reasons I only get off it besides it messing up my teeth and stuff, it could it could permanently create like a psychosis. And so when I think
Chris Alliman MD: I'm
Right, that
Angelo Sanchez: Is see easy for someone to probably contaminated with poison and you can probably do that and stuff so
Chris Alliman MD: Have some problems that went, yeah. Good to be nervous about that one.
Chris Alliman MD: Gives him tobacco.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes, I'm glad cigarettes now.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm probably like 10 cigarettes to like 20 cigarettes today.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so half a pack to a pack a day.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And what about alcohol. Do you drink alcohol.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, sometimes, but I don't really like to do that, let me
Angelo Sanchez: act out or through fits or whatever. Sometimes
Chris Alliman MD: Sure, sure. I'm thinking back again with the heroin use
Chris Alliman MD: How many days. Have you been taking Suboxone
Angelo Sanchez: Or saying probably like
Angelo Sanchez: A few days like now.
Chris Alliman MD: Three days, four days. What is a few days mean
Angelo Sanchez: I think like four days.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and how much Suboxone are you taking
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I actually, I actually like go through a Suboxone probably like
Angelo Sanchez: And use what like a host of option like four hours, get back
Angelo Sanchez: To us opening another one in using another one about
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty much every four hours at if I can, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Resources to do it.
Angelo Sanchez: On day 134 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Ish. So actually the most that you can use it is three films in 24 hours.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Otherwise, it's the same as just throwing them in the toilet. They have the same effect.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh dang. Yeah. So you just wasted them if you're taking them that often.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, so, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, you said your last heroin use was a few days ago, and then you got started on the Suboxone did you did the Suboxone make you go into withdrawals when you took it.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, I noticed when I started swaps in Europe, find a lot. I don't know. But I might think it could have been food poisoning. I don't know is you have option at all.
Mm hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: Or no
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you ever overdosed or had to go to the emergency room with the heroin use
Angelo Sanchez: He naturally, for I have a heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Overdose with a came back from it. I never had to go to hospital or anything.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you ever in the 10 years of you've ever been able to stop the heroin use on your own.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Not really see not okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been to rehab or any treatment programs.
Angelo Sanchez: This is actually the first time I've actually went out and seeking a professional social help and stuff for any kind of drug use and stuff. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. Very good. What's your living situation currently
Angelo Sanchez: Um, I actually was able to finally get my my city housing voucher.
Angelo Sanchez: It's the better version of housing. It was another one to they kind of both came at the same time as a platform bullfight. This is the one is just perforated stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And do you live by yourself or have a roommate or what's happening.
Angelo Sanchez: I just live by myself.
Angelo Sanchez: My mama is going to have your, you know, on my housing voucher meet with my case worker with my housing ever do the background champion, she was going to commit to living in my apartment with me for three months.
Angelo Sanchez: Mm hmm. She's going through another visual divorce, I guess you see
Angelo Sanchez: Married, and stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what's your marital situation. Are you on your own. Are you single, are you married
Chris Alliman MD: Single okay
Chris Alliman MD: Any kids.
Chris Alliman MD: No good any kids that come over to the apartment.
Angelo Sanchez: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: Um,
Chris Alliman MD: So, who's your support, as you're trying to make this change, who do you, who are you relying on to help you out.
I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty much myself, but I have my
Angelo Sanchez: deceased father, sister says, been there on they're both educate retired educators and teachers school teachers like high school students.
Angelo Sanchez: My, my uncle, he
Angelo Sanchez: Tried to get me to
Angelo Sanchez: So I'm actually about to get official in part official part time employment.
Angelo Sanchez: Good program that's going to help me get a job and stuff. I've been waiting
Angelo Sanchez: Years now probably that you're two years and stuff. I think for them the proper funding or to get funding again so that he could
Angelo Sanchez: Help me.
Angelo Sanchez: Know you get an official part time employment and stuff so good you know equal stuff again.
Chris Alliman MD: Any, any legal issues out there for you any parole or probation.
Angelo Sanchez: No good. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And what about in your family. Is there any addiction issues in your family that you know of
Angelo Sanchez: Um, yeah, my mom will use
Angelo Sanchez: crystal methamphetamine jug sometimes use heroin drug also
Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Mr right admitted to using the snow cocaine.
Angelo Sanchez: Drag also so cool version of cooking.
Angelo Sanchez: Earlier on, and time probably not as a minor. And so, yeah, when I was a minor right
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had any surgeries at any point
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, one time accidentally shot myself like in one of my top like
Angelo Sanchez: Like in my foot like we're like top part we're kind of like the top part of a short sock would go
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Equal suck, like right at the top that area and add surgically removing it going pretty good. And then like inch and a half or two and a half inches or something copperhead BB
Angelo Sanchez: The room that had to go under.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other surgeries. Besides that one.
Angelo Sanchez: You need a shot video to sleep or something. No, that's it. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I'm going to ask you hear about the heroin use so kind of thinking over the time the 10 years that you've been using heroin. These are kind of yes or no questions now looking for a big explanation on them.
Chris Alliman MD: They're just going to yes or no. If you need me to repeat them. I certainly can just let me know. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: All right, all right.
Chris Alliman MD: Were you taking heroin and larger amounts or over a longer period of time than intended
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to try and cut down or control the heroin use
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, pretty much. Seems like there's all relapse lot you know
Angelo Sanchez: Sure gross stuff starts going after.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time in trying to get the heroin use the heroin or recover from the heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, yeah, that's like hard to do, and stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Sure.
Angelo Sanchez: Did you
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have cravings, or a strong desire to use heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did the heroin use cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin, despite there being despite it causing social or relationship problems.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm sorry, what was the first part of that question.
Chris Alliman MD: Surely, so did you continue using heroin, even though it may have caused social or relationship problems.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social work or recreational activities because of heroin.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin, even in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Chris Alliman MD: And did you use
Chris Alliman MD: Despite knowing that it can cause physical or psychological problems.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, well, I mean, I didn't think too much of it, I PROBABLY HAVE ACCIDENTALLY, YOU KNOW, YOU KNOW, drove like under the influence of weed or
Angelo Sanchez: Drugs like
Angelo Sanchez: Methamphetamine drug or something. Thank goodness, I think that happened. Yeah. Our get pulled over wreck even, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Um, do you know your hepatitis C status. Do you know if you have hepatitis C.
Angelo Sanchez: I am thankfully free of disease all disease and clean so
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So that's something that will be checking in on with some blood work eventually
Angelo Sanchez: All right, yeah. I let you go check. I was trying to on so plasma and stuff or donate plasma and new to give me some cash for
Angelo Sanchez: The thanks. I went to. You said I went there before a couple years previous or stuff enough say because I was on psychiatric medication at the time that he couldn't take my lead at the time when I was off of it entirely and stuff so
Angelo Sanchez: Disease. Oh, good news. The good
Chris Alliman MD: That's good to hear. Definitely. Alright, so I have some more yes or no questions for you. And this is just looking looking over the last week or two. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And I'm just going to ask about symptoms that you may be having. So just yes or no one those
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had any fevers over the last two weeks.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Like hot flashes or
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I kind of actually get those bad
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Have you had night sweats.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I was actually getting those like before.
Chris Alliman MD: So I've got like 50 of these to go to through. So let's just make it a quick yes or no.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Any chills.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Cold intolerance.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, fatigue,
Angelo Sanchez: Yes, brightness.
Vision changes.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No nasal congestion.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: bloody noses.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Yes.
Lip sores.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: mouth sores.
Angelo Sanchez: And those actually be like, just like cuts and stuff for. Yeah. Oh, well, yeah. The question before that I have this ours, and I guess some
Angelo Sanchez: mouth sores, but my lips will get cut and stuff. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. What about neck pain.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: neck stiffness
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Neck lumps.
Chris Alliman MD: Know cough.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Chest pain in the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: swelling in the lower legs.
Chris Alliman MD: Abdominal pain.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Diarrhea
Chris Alliman MD: Constipation
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Vomiting
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Pain with urination.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Blood in the urine.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in hair texture.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in skin texture.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains.
Angelo Sanchez: No back pains.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Muscle cramps.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Headaches
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Weakness
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Depression.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Hopelessness
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Yes.
worthlessness
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Hallucinations
Angelo Sanchez: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, thank you for humoring me with those and working through them.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Um,
Chris Alliman MD: So now we get to do the physical exam part which is of course a little difficult to do through the computer but watching you. You're breathing normally. So I've got a normal breathing rate. How tall are you,
Angelo Sanchez: I would say five nine ish streamers.
Chris Alliman MD: And how much do you weigh
Angelo Sanchez: Oh and 74
Chris Alliman MD: Do you know how to check your pulse.
Angelo Sanchez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, let's see if we can see if I can teach you and we can see if we can get a heart rate. So on your wrist on your thumb side.
Chris Alliman MD: You come down here.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Bring it over towards your thumb, a little bit.
More
Good, dude.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you feel the pulse in there.
Angelo Sanchez: Well honestly like my part my post friend is hungry people say
Chris Alliman MD: Is Oh, do they
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah okay see they are time eating it, or do they
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, what about on your neck. Are you able to
Angelo Sanchez: Oh yeah right away. It's all
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so I'm going to use my phone and I'm going to time off six seconds. I'll give you a start and stop you count the number of pulses. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop.
Chris Alliman MD: Would you get
Chris Alliman MD: I got 990 okay nine. So we take that times 10 and that makes 90. Very good. Now the next part. I need you to just to stand up and on the computer on the screen just kind of push on your stomach.
Over
Angelo Sanchez: And just
Angelo Sanchez: Yep, perfect.
Angelo Sanchez: Stuff to
Angelo Sanchez: Your just
Chris Alliman MD: Just like just through the t shirt is fine and push fairly hard. Is there any pain as you push
I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Just in the center. I know I'm pushing too hard though. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Not, not bad. A
Angelo Sanchez: Good kind of strong stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: We want to work with you and see what we can do around the whole Suboxone thing.
Chris Alliman MD: There you are going to need to get a primary doctor and I would recommend that you get back in with the psychiatrist and work with the mental health issues through psychiatry. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I think that's going to be pretty important for you as you keep trying. As you work on getting the job and holding things down.
Angelo Sanchez: All right. Yeah, there is a one anti-psychotic it's a new one. It's called Abilify is what last one okay injectable formed us taking need to happen. Do injectable form even quicker.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yes. So, so certainly talking with them about that option. I think would be a good idea for you.
Angelo Sanchez: But insurance.
Chris Alliman MD: In terms of our program. Well, we offer is we have weekly group visits, like we're doing now, but there's like five to 10 patients a provider, like myself, and then also a therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. So together we have once a once a week hour long group visits.
Chris Alliman MD: And then you also do
Chris Alliman MD: Once a week. Individual therapy visits on the computer with the therapist. So it just be you and the therapist also
Chris Alliman MD: Does that sound doable to are you able to do two meetings a week. Each for an hour.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah that's fine shouldn't be any real problem at all. Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So we need to figure out a good meeting time and
Chris Alliman MD: I have a good group that's available on Friday at 12 noon, would you be available on Fridays at 12 noon.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I should be. I mean, I don't know how I work schedules used to be my
Angelo Sanchez: Time in primary
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so when that happens, we can look at adjusting things. That's fine.
Angelo Sanchez: If we need to
Chris Alliman MD: But I think this would be a good way to start out
Angelo Sanchez: Now, sounds good. Okay. You just fine.
Chris Alliman MD: So the way that works out is just like today when you called into the virtual clinic and they gave you the zoom room number. The same thing happens. You have to call in about 20 or 30 minutes beforehand.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh yeah, I'm sorry about
Angelo Sanchez: Sorry about that. I forgot some apologize because I, I went to the
Angelo Sanchez: Answered my number of acres. The blue video
Angelo Sanchez: Video greeting. There's just like two or I mean 815 is. I mean, I know like a 16 or something like 30 minutes and push that button so down waiting
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: So, so, calling into the virtual clinic is just like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always a line of people. And there's always paperwork to do. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: So,
Chris Alliman MD: So we don't want you to wait until about five minutes before the clinic starts to call in, because you're not going to get in and time.
Chris Alliman MD: We want to call in about 20 to 30 minutes ahead of time so you can work your way through the line and get everything done that needs to get done.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh I pushing the actual join video Luba Yep, yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Early on, absolutely.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, I
Chris Alliman MD: Think that'll be that'll work out well.
Chris Alliman MD: I do want to see you there. This this Friday. I'm going to send some medication in for you for the Suboxone but I'm also going to send in our can the overdose nasal spray. So you'll have that available if you need it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What pharmacy. Do you want me to send the Suboxone to
Angelo Sanchez: The Walgreens honest letter, yo. Bravo soca jerky.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. So I'll get it sent over there. Is that a 24 hour pharmacy. Are you going to pick it up tomorrow.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm not sure if it's the Walgreens itself will be open a bit after midnight and stuff so
Angelo Sanchez: I probably need to go in tomorrow. And I mean, I need a vehicle right now. New Era include local helps me with the work by my aunt and my uncle.
Chris Alliman MD: So you have to pick it up.
Chris Alliman MD: So you pick it up tomorrow. It sounds like is that right
Angelo Sanchez: Yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'll do is send in a prescription for tomorrow, which is Wednesday. So for Wednesday Thursday and Friday so only for three days. You have to come back to the group on Friday to get the next prescription to keep it going.
Angelo Sanchez: All right. Okay. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So knowing how much Suboxone you were taking I would suggest that we work with three films a day for you. That's the maximum amount that's the highest, we can go on it.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Time, over time, we're going to work on decreasing that because we don't want you on it long forever.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: We wanted to be able to get you off of it.
Angelo Sanchez: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to get that sent in tonight and that'll be in there for three days for you and then
Chris Alliman MD: We'll see each other on Friday, you're going to call in about 1130 so make sure you set reminders on your phone or whatever you need to do to remember
Angelo Sanchez: Right now.
Angelo Sanchez: Friday.
Angelo Sanchez: At 1130 you want me to be waiting the
Chris Alliman MD: So 1130 you call in
Angelo Sanchez: Your. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Do your paperwork, they'll give you the zoom room number they may not have it quite then, but they'll send it to you by email when it's available. You won't have to stay on the zoom the whole time as you wait for the clinic to start
Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: All right. And there's no way I can do anything on there to wrong I was around the question I was asked earlier, like, well, they kicked me off. I'm on there for like an hour reading something
Angelo Sanchez: No, I'm planning on leaving a whole hour, I'll be there early and stuff like 30 minutes early.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, they'll probably if you get there early enough and it works out. Okay, what they'll have you do is check in and then they'll have you get off zoom and once they have the, the new zoom room number, they'll email it to you so you can then get back on and join the group.
Chris Alliman MD: So you won't have to sit on there waiting the whole time.
Angelo Sanchez: All right, what I just
Angelo Sanchez: Raised my normal a
Angelo Sanchez: Meeting or ID or any permanent when I think
Chris Alliman MD: Yet, know that one doesn't work for the groups, the group when changes all the time.
Chris Alliman MD: So you have to go to the virtual clinic each time to get it to get the new zoom room number each week.
Angelo Sanchez: I need to call
Angelo Sanchez: It the
Angelo Sanchez: Just like I did.
Chris Alliman MD: Just like you did today, you'll call into the virtual clinic like
Angelo Sanchez: All right, okay, got a hold of them and then they made a new number. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, exactly. Exactly.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Now I've got an email that I'm going to send to you that will have all this
Chris Alliman MD: Information on it and your email address. I've got as baby seal lion pup 7777 at GMAIL. COM. Does that sound right.
Angelo Sanchez: Yes.
Angelo Sanchez: Good at sea lion looks like it could be seal.
Chris Alliman MD: Seal. I am. Yes, sea lion. Gotcha.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so I'll get that email sent off to you here also.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: What questions do you have for me today.
Angelo Sanchez: Ah, um, I guess just the last thing, it was about that last you're saying about the Gmail, it's good to have the
Angelo Sanchez: Information about the the appointment on Friday, like timeline reminders, pretty much.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep.
Angelo Sanchez: All right. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: It'll give the information and tell you how to go about it.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. ANGELO. Good. I think that'll work out really well for us. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: All right, make sure
Chris Alliman MD: You bet and get that taken care of and I will see you on Friday.
Angelo Sanchez: Alright, sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Bye bye.
Angelo Sanchez: Good night.
Angelo Sanchez: You too. You're
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so finishing up on Angelo, we should have most of his information there under psychic impression patient with substance abuse and schizophrenia symptoms patient's level of stress is severe includes economic problems relationship problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a poor sense of self and poor object relations appears concrete on exam patient reports history of psychiatric treatment, but does not currently have a psychiatrist.
Chris Alliman MD: Assessment and plan continuation plan will continue with Suboxone a dash two one film.
Chris Alliman MD: Three films a day for 24 milligrams P AMP P reviewed and showed one prescriber one pharmacy medication with Ambien filled hardship 2019 patient is going to join the Friday, New Mexico, medical checking group Friday 12 noon.
Chris Alliman MD: And will continue his medication from their
Chris Alliman MD: Next assessment plan should be schizophrenia recommended that patient connect with a psychiatrist for long term treatment.
Chris Alliman MD: To help control his mental health difficulties alright indication on this one.